{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0\
Home\
The Origin\
Growth Stories\
Our Work\
Knowledge Hub\
Enfectors\
Careers\
Entro\
Contact Us\
Enfection is the Home of Performance Marketing.\
\'a0\
Digital is in our DNA.\
We learnt UTM before ABC.\
We Solve for Marketers\
The beginning\
We started our journey in 2017 with the aim of providing comprehensive marketing solutions to our customers. We are not merely a service provider, but we partner with brands so that we achieve meaningful progress. We believe we can do things differently and Enfection was born to provide true virality to the marketing fraternity.\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
Continuously Evolving\
With experience spanning across diverse industries, we believe we bring value to our customers. We are innovative and forward thinking in our approach, and our solutions go beyond digital. We are continuously learning and we share our knowledge with the world.\
\'a0\
Global Outlook\
We provide world-class solutions and services, which maximises on existing opportunities while also seeking for new avenues that would essentially enable growth and business transformation.\
\'a0\
Originating from Sri Lanka, we are present in Malaysia, Singapore, UK and we are focusing on further expansion into the EU and ANZ.\
\'a0\
\'a0\
We mine opportunities for brands\
through data-driven insights.\
Content\
TV Commercials\
Strategy\
SEO\
Design\
Campaign Management\
MarT ech\
CRO\
Predictive Marketing\
Digital Reputation Management\
W eb Development\
Online PR\
Display\
SEM\
Email Marketing\
Social Media\
Commercial Photography\
We understand that every brand faces unique challenges, it is for this reason that all our solutions are customised. We are data-driven, therefore we solve identified problems. We ensure progress that is meaningful and elevates the brands of our clients.\
\'a0\
Strategy\
Our unique digital marketing strategies are research based and data-driven. We provide insights on the actual scenarios as well as future opportunities. We focus on the customer\'92s journey and identify the strategic routes and channels that will give our clients and their brands the best results. We adopt a holistic approach to digital and provide bespoke integrated solutions to our clients.\
\'a0\
API for Growth Partners\
We adopt a global outlook, from developing strategies and campaigns to implementation. We believe in being part of the marketing ecosystem and supporting upstream and downstream marketing partners. We place emphasis on nurturing a collaborative ecosystem and being an API for partner growth.\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
Sean Sim\
Chief Executive Officer\
\'a0\
McCann Worldgroup Malaysia\
\'a0\
\'a0\
More Videos\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
Site Map\
Home\
\'a0\
The origin\
\'a0\
Growth Stories\
\'a0\
Our Work\
\'a0\
Knowledge Hub\
\'a0\
Enfectors\
\'a0\
Contact Us\
\'a0\
Knowledge Hub\
Enfectious\
\'a0\
Epidemic\
\'a0\
Viral\
\'a0\
Transmit\
\'a0\
Neural\
\'a0\
Growth Stories\
MAS Holdings\
\'a0\
Petronas\
\'a0\
Zuellig Pharma\
\'a0\
Keells\
\'a0\
Honeywell\
\'a0\
CDB\
\'a0\
MillenniumIT ESP\
\'a0\
IQOS\
\'a0\
HNB\
\'a0\
Rocell\
\'a0\
Booking.com\
\'a0\
ResMed\
\'a0\
Melbourne Polytechnic\
\'a0\
ACCA\
\'a0\
Contact Information\
\'a0651 Kotte Rd, Kotte, Sri Lanka\
\'a0\
\'a0+94 11 214 4917\
\'a0\
\'a0inquiries@enfection.com\
\'a0\
google-partner\
2024 Enfection | Privacy Policy Cookie Policy\
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience. Read our Cookie Policy to find out more.\
If you wish to disable cookies you can do so from your browser.\
Cookie Settings\
Accept All\
}